[OSDOCS-5240] Installer support to automatically create the MachineSets when installing in existing VPC on AWS w/Local Zones (#57427)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-local-zones-ref-deployment.adoc

> :content-type: REFERENCE

Reviewer: I think we must sync this file/work with @dfitzmau to avoid duplication with https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/57063 .
@dfitzmau is planning to create an external reference for that "Use Case" section, I think it don't need to be included on this PR. WDYT @maxwelldb ?

Author: That seems plausible to me, and, upon first glance, I'd agree with that sort of material being part of the other PR.

[id="installation-aws-local-zones-ref-deployment_{context}"]

> = An example application deployment with edge machine pools and AWS Local Zones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= An example application deployment with edge compute pool and AWS Local Zones
```
